All right welcome back with students on this lecture we are going to be on setting our cookie so that
way we can log them out too as well.
Now my my.
Now my cookies probably expire.
So if I click refresh you to take those back to that refresh.
And as you can see we're back to when that's right.
All right.
Perfect.
So let's go to our logo page and we're going to do something here.
All right.
So the first thing that we're going to do is to check to see if we have a cookie right because if we
have a cookie we don't have a cookie then we shouldn't do anything.
Oh great.
So that's a good name.
So we have a cookie and it's actually and then this and Albon.
All right.
So we have a cookie.
First thing is on set to cookie.
So we're going to use our previous function from BHB on set and then just to make it very clear we're
going to say I want to set the cookie to an empty value right.
And I want to minus whatever time I gave it in the beginning which was 60 second song and minus.
All right.
That's going to make it very clear that that's our intention is to take care of this cookie.
Now I really want to be logged into our application.
I don't want to be logging in and logging out because we're going to be working on it right.
So let's actually go to google real quick and say something like one day.
Two seconds.
All right.
86 and four.
Eighty six thousand.
All right.
Let's actually do that let's go to Logan to functions and right below here.
Let's just say plus eighty six thousand four hundred.
Log file.
Mine is eighty six thousand four hundred.
All right.
I hope that's very clear to you what we're doing here.
So we were always logged into our application maybe we'll log out later but right now I want to be logged
in because we are not out to kick the user out.
Two and Three remember me and that's it.
All right so now we have this working for us.
What is the next step.
Well the next step is to work on the Forgotten Password in logon right here.
Logon duppy XP.
All right.
Plus we do also want to show this if we are log then but we're going to work on our own extra features
or something like that.
We can work on this too.
We can show certain links if we are logged in if we are not.
We don't show them that's super easy to do without function that we create a log in.
Right.
So I'm pretty sure you guys can do that but we're going to do that probably later on when we are tying
in loose ends.
You know where we are making loose ends now you lose.
All right.
So let's work on this function I would click on this is going to take years to recover that BHB.
And this is where we got it.
We're working on the next lecture I'm going to explain exactly how this is going to work and why we
are going to be doing so.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.